well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about the president's legal team and the
argument they made in federal court it's
been in the headlines but I'm not really
sure that it's being discussed the way
it should he's not the way I think it
should in an attempt to stop his tax
returns from being released the
president's lawyers made the argument
that he is immune from all criminal
liability oh he can't be investigated he
can't be indicted he can't be prosecuted
he can't be processed nothing
he's total immunity from all forms of
criminal liability that was the argument
and it wasn't just the argument was so
bizarre that even the judge wanted
clarification and proposed the 5th
Avenue
scenario he shoots someone in the street
and use that and ask the attorney and
the attorneys like now that's correct he
can't be prosecuted law enforcement
cannot intervene a federal state or
local can't ever mean
you know I don't like slippery slope
arguments and that's what this is gonna
sound like but it's not because the
argument made in federal court was that
he could literally commit murder that's
pretty high up in our hierarchy of of
crimes that that's one of the bad ones
if he can do that and suffer no criminal
liability what's to stop him from
shutting down voting stations in
locations that oppose him or engaging a
massive voter fraud what would stop it
there's no criminal liability
nobody can investigate it well certainly
Congress would impeach right I guess so
unless he hasn't imprisoned or worse
because no criminal liability as long as
he stays in power well we get rid of him
in four years would we how can you
guarantee that
there's no criminal liability this
argument
that is being made is the legal argument
to turn Trump into a dictator with
absolute power no checks no balances he
can do whatever he wants it's terrifying
because that's not how it's being framed
it's being framed is this crazy argument
that the president's lawyers made and
yeah it is but no man that would allow
his lawyers to make that argument on his
behalf
should be in public office these judges
whether they know it or not are deciding
the fate of the country if they decide
that yes the president is completely
immune from all criminal liability
that's it it's over no checks no
balances absolute power and that power
will be abused Trump becomes Tsar and
all men are slaves to the Tsar that's
the reality and it's not a slippery
slope argument that's literally what
they're arguing in court in federal
court this is the argument that was made
we sit and listen as people try to say
that there's a coup against the
president meanwhile he's attempting to
gain the power to do whatever he wants
with no legal ramifications so there's
your scary Halloween story anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night